➢ Basic Programs & Recursion problems Part 1:
1. A character is a vowel or consonant ✅
2. A character is an alphabet or not ✅
3. Ascii values of a character ✅
4. Uppercase, Lowercase or special character ✅
5. A number is positive or negative ✅
6. A number is even or odd ✅
7. Swap two numbers without third variable ✅
8. Area and Circumference of a circle ✅
9. LCM of two numbers ✅
10. GCD of two numbers ✅
11. Greatest of two numbers ✅
12. Greatest of three numbers ✅
13. Number of digits in an integer ✅
14. Sum of digits of a number ✅
15. Sum of N natural numbers ✅
16. Sum of numbers in a given range ✅
17. Reverse a given number ✅
18. Factorial of a number ✅
19. Fibonacci series up to n ✅
20. Leap year or not ✅
21. Prime number or not ✅
22. Palindrome or not ✅
23. Armstrong number or not ✅
24. Strong number or not ✅
25. Perfect number or not ✅
26. Friendly pair or not (amicable or not) ✅
27. Automorphic number or not ✅
28. Harshad number or not ✅
29. Abundant number or not ✅
30. Power of a number ✅
31. Factors of a number ✅
32. Add Two Fractions ✅

➢ Basic Programs & Recursion problems Part 2:
33. Prime numbers in a given range ✅
34. Armstrong numbers between two intervals ✅
35. Can a number be expressed as a sum of two prime numbers? ✅
36. Replace all 0's with 1 in a given integer ✅
37. Binary to decimal conversion ✅
38. Decimal to binary conversion ✅
39. Decimal to octal conversion ✅
40. Octal to decimal conversion ✅
41. Binary to octal conversion ✅
42. Octal to binary conversion ✅
43. Maximum number of handshakes ✅
44. Quadrants in which coordinates lie ✅
45. Neon Number or not ✅
46. Convert digit/numbers to words ✅
47. Number of days in a given month of a given year ✅
48. Permutations in which n people can occupy r seats in a theatre ✅
49. Number of times digit 3 occurs in each and every number from 0 to n ✅
50. Number of integers which has exactly X divisors ✅
51. Roots of a quadratic equation ✅
52. Count possible decoding of a given digit sequence ❓
53. Solid rectangle star pattern ✅
54. Hollow rectangle star pattern ✅
55. Pyramid pattern using stars ✅
56. Pyramid pattern using numbers ✅
57. Palindromic pyramid pattern printing ✅
58. Diamond pattern printing using stars ✅
59. Diamond pattern printing using numbers ✅
60. Floyd's triangle ✅
61. Pascal triangle
62. All other pattern programs

➢ Programs on Strings
❖ Basic string operations
❖ Length of the string without using strlen() function
❖ Toggle each character in a string
❖ Count the number of vowels
❖ Remove vowels from a string
❖ String is a palindrome or not
❖ Sorting a string in alphabetical order
❖ Removing brackets from an algebraic expression
❖ Remove characters in a string except alphabets
❖ Remove spaces from a string
❖ Count the sum of numbers in a string
❖ Capitalize the first and last letter of each word of a string
❖ Frequency of characters in a string
❖ Non-repeating characters in a string
❖ Check if two strings are Anagram or not
❖ Patterns of 0(1+)0 in the given string
❖ Replace substring in a string
❖ Count common subsequence in two strings
❖ Reverse a string

Array:
❖ Basic array operations (Insert, delete and search an element)
❖ Smallest and largest element in an array
❖ Sum of elements in an array
❖ Check if two arrays are the same or not
❖ Finding the array type
❖ Sum of positive square elements in an array
❖ Second smallest element in an array
❖ Sorting the elements of an array
❖ Reversing an array
❖ Longest palindrome in an array
❖ Count distinct elements of an array
❖ Non-repeating elements of an array
❖ Repeating elements in an array
❖ Remove duplicate elements in an array
❖ Minimum scalar product of two vectors
❖ Maximum scalar product of two vectors
❖ Can the numbers of an array be made equal?
❖ Missing elements of a range
❖ Triplets with a given sum
❖ Number of even and odd elements in an array
❖ Frequency of each element of an array
❖ Symmetric pairs in an array
❖ Maximum product subarray in a given array
❖ Arrays are disjoint or not
❖ Array is a subset of another array or not
❖ Can all numbers of an array be made equal
❖ Minimum sum of absolute difference of given array
❖ Sorting elements of an array by frequency
❖ Sort an array according to the order defined by another array
❖ Replace each element of the array by its rank in the array
❖ Equilibrium index of an array
❖ Array rotation - Left and right
❖ Block swap algorithm for array rotation
❖ Juggling algorithm for array rotation
❖ Circular rotation of an array by K positions
❖ Convert an array into a zig-zag fashion
❖ Merge two sorted arrays
❖ Longest subarray having an average greater than or equal to k
❖ Rearrange positive and negative numbers in an array
❖ Sum of all odd frequency elements in an array
❖ Median of two sorted arrays
❖ 0-1 Knapsack problem
❖ Matrix operations (Addition, subtraction and multiplication)
❖ Transpose of a matrix
❖ Upper triangular matrix or not
❖ Lower triangular matrix or not
❖ The maximum element in a row
❖ The maximum element in a column
❖ Sum of each row and column of a matrix
❖ Saddle point coordinates of a given matrix
❖ Sum of elements in the zig-zag sequence of a matrix
❖ Sum of boundary elements of a matrix
❖ Matrix printing in a spiral form
❖ Rotate the matrix by K times
❖ Matrix rotation by 90 degrees clockwise and anticlockwise


ALGORITHMS:
➢ BRUTE FORCE ALGORITHM

➢ GREEDY ALGORITHM

➢ RECURSIVE ALGORITHM

➢ BACKTRACKING ALGORITHM

➢ DIVIDE & CONQUER ALGORITHM

➢ DYNAMIC PROGRAMMING ALGORITHM

➢ RANDOMISED ALGORITHM

➢ ALL TYPE SORTING & SEARCHING

➢ STACK

➢ QUEUE

➢ LINK LIST

➢ GRAPH

➢ TREE